This script is specifically for use on Elvis against logs collected with the “rr_ healthcheck.sh” v1.00

 Written by: Darren Schaat
 Created: March 27th 2014
 Disclaimer: This script is provided without any official support from EMC or it's affiliates.

Version 1.0
 Initial Release

Version 1.0.1
 1. Added line that grabs the cluster GUID at the beginning of the script
 2. Improved headers
 3. Changed some of the headers wording to match wording found in the "docu51782_Isilon-Cluster-Health-Check-Tests.xlsx' file
 4. Improved formatting

Version 1.0.2
 1. Added Color

Version 1.0.3
 1. Added separate file for "Cluster Information" not relevant to the Pass/Fail tests of the report doc.
 2. Added "Cluster Name" information into file 'parsed_health_check_logs.txt'.
 3. Patch information now only outputs the 'patch-<number>'

Version 1.0.4
 1. Removed second file and combined all output back to one file 'parsed_health_check_logs.txt'
 2. Changed order of output to match Report doc.
 3. Changed output displayed for "Diagnostic Check" to display all output.
 4. Added headers to make it easier to differentiate what output belongs to what sections of the Report doc.

Version 1.1.0
 Changed version progression
 Minor Bug Fixes:
 1. Fixed "Cluster Name" where a cluster name containing multiple hyphens in the name would not output correctly.
 2. Fixed "Check Disk Space" where it would not output percentages >80% as intended.

 Personal Note:
 The idea behind this script is so you will have everything you need for the health check Report document orginized in one file.
 This will allow information to be found more quickly as we will only need to look in one file rather than several.
 Some of the output can be rather large like the "Interface Configurations" and cannot be avoided.
 Other outputs have been filtered similar to 'tpark' where instead of showing all the healthy drives
 we are only looking for non-healthy drives.


 
Instructions:

1.  Place script in ~/bin directory on Elvis using WinSCP or other method.
	a. If /bin does not exist simply create directory 'bin' in your home directory
	
2.  Change permissions to 755 on the directory and script file
3.  Navigate to health check log directory.
	EXAMPLE: cd /logs/CAPITAL_ONE/2014-03-27-001/VDCISILON01-1/ifs-data-Isilon_Support-61997676_HealthCheck.tar/61997676_HealthCheck

4.  Run script
	health_check_logs_script.sh

5. less -r parsed_health_check_logs.txt


Known Issues:

Piping output into the 'less' command does not display colors only additional characters.
	a. Use 'more' instead.
	b. Use suggested "less -r", although using this I noticed sometimes color would look different when back scrolling. Less likes to do weird things.
	
Haven't tested with other text editors and am not sure what does and doesn't show the color formatting.


A Personal Note:

I created this script with how I write a final report in mind. I do not add output in the report for tests that 'PASS' other than to put how they passed. For example, if disk space is less than %80, then in the final report I put "Space used <80%". There is no need, in my opinion, to show the customer if it passed other than it passed the test. With that in mind this is why I have intentionally left out some of the output. I felt it more important a customer have output of what failed in the final report and not what succeeded.

Adding the output of everything in the report is:
	a. cumbersome
	b. confusing to the customer
	c. doesn't fit in those stupid little cells properly as is
	d. Makes it difficult to find relevant output of what failed in the report